Deprecate writer package (#209)
signalfx/signalfx-go: writer/README.md

See the [godoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/signalfx/signalfx-go/writer) for
information on what they are and how to use them.

> [!WARNING]  

> > `writer` package is **deprecated** and no longer supported.

Author: @akubik-splunk Can we say that it say that it is no longer supported or do we have to write something like

```suggestion
> `writer` package is **deprecated** and will reach End of Support on April 17, 2025.
```

If so then from when the time counts from? Release day?
